We all depend on technology so
much nowadays.
Examples of this are all around us.
Personal devices, like smartphones, help
keep us in touch with friends and
families across the globe.
Wearable technologies help us achieve
personal goals and be more productive.
Businesses have also come to embrace
technology in everyday life.
From streamlining operations to
automating processes, our world is more
connected because of technology.
The more we rely on technology,
the more information we share.
As a result, an enormous amount
of data is created every day.
This huge surge in
data creation presents unique challenges.
As businesses become more
reliant on technology,
cybercriminals become more sophisticated
in how they affect organizations.
Data breaches are becoming increasingly
serious due to all the sensitive data
businesses are storing.
One positive aspect of these challenges is
a growing need for individuals like you!
Security is a team effort.
Unique perspectives, like yours,
are an asset to any organization.
A team filled with diverse backgrounds,
cultures, and
experiences is more likely to
solve problems and be innovative.
As breach after breach hits the
headlines, it's clear that organizations
need more professionals focused on security.
Companies around the globe are working
hard to keep up with the demands
of a rapidly changing digital landscape.
As the environment continues to transform,
the more your personal experience is valuable.
In this section, we'll start by
exploring how assets, threats,
and vulnerabilities factor
into security plans.
After that, we'll discuss
the use of asset inventories in
protecting the wide range of
assets that companies have.
Then, we'll consider the challenges in
this rapidly changing digital world.
And finally, you'll gain an understanding
of the building blocks of a security plan:
its policies, standards, and procedures.
We'll examine the NIST Cybersecurity
Framework that companies use to
create security plans that protect
their customers and their brands.
I hope you're as excited to go on
this journey into this world of security
as I am.
Now, let's get started!